In the last lecture we got our app to run on the Android simulator,
now that's great
but for now, I'll close it there.
Now I want to run the application on a real Android device, for that
I connected my Android phone and you need to turn on developer mode there and enable USB debugging,
you can find instructions about this attached to this video.
So now I will run npm run android again,
the only other prerequisite is that the simulator isn't running anymore,
otherwise it might launch it there. With all that, it will build the application and you already see here, it's
shipping it to my phone.
And here is my phone,
that's the app running on my phone now.
So that's another nice mode
you can test your app on though I will mostly use the simulator during this course here since it's a bit
faster and more convenient
but this is it running on the device. So there, almost no set up needed,
all the steps are mentioned in the document attached to this video.
Now with that, let's see how we can run the app on an iPhone simulator.